0.12.0 (#62)
MetaMask/test-dapp-multichain: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.12.0]

### Added

- Add support for invoking EIP-5792 methods ([#61](https://github.com/MetaMask/test-dapp-multichain/pull/61))

### Changed

> - Properly refresh the invoke method request on Solana ([#60](https://github.com/MetaMask/test-dapp-multichain/pull/60))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Properly refresh the invoke method request when target account is changed in dropdown ([#60](https://github.com/MetaMask/test-dapp-multichain/pull/60))
```
